New structure and design of python SDK examples (#152)
emnify/product-docs: docs/sdks/python/examples-redo.md

---
description: Code samples showing how to use the emnify python SDK

> slug: /sdks/python/examples

Reviewer: This will produce a duplicate route as `docs/sdks/python/examples.md` has the same slug value. We want to avoid this as it can lead to non-deterministic routing behavior.

I'd suggest adding your changes directly to `docs/sdks/python/examples.md` instead of creating a new file. That way, it's on the same route, it's easier to see what changed, and you wouldn't need to include the "Old overview" section at the bottom.

---

# Examples

This guide shows a listing of the main examples to get devices online including subtasks, such as registering a SIM, creating, configuring or deleting a device.

## 1 Example Table

| Task                             | Description   | Link |
|---|---|---|

> | Get your first device online     |   Follow these steps to get your devices online. The example demonstrates complex operations, such as: <ul><li>Device policies</li><li>SIM registration</li><li>Device creation</li><li>SIM assignment</li><li>Error handling</li><li>Device details retrieval</li><li>Device activation or deactivation</li></ul>|  [Source code]( https://github.com/emnify/product-docs/blob/project-redo/docs/sdks/python/examples.md#get-your-first-device-online )  |

Reviewer: When rendered, this table looks really nice! Thanks for adding the descriptions as well, I think it adds valuable context for our readers. 

A general formatting note - the source code links should go to the [examples in the emnify-python-sdk repo](https://github.com/emnify/emnify-sdk-python/tree/main/docs/examples). That way, the repo code acts as the single source of truth until we find a more programmatic way to pull these examples into the documentation.

For example:

```suggestion
| Get your first device online     |   Follow these steps to get your devices online. The example demonstrates complex operations, such as: <ul><li>Device policies</li><li>SIM registration</li><li>Device creation</li><li>SIM assignment</li><li>Error handling</li><li>Device details retrieval</li><li>Device activation or deactivation</li></ul>|  [Source code](https://github.com/emnify/emnify-sdk-python/blob/main/docs/examples/mass_sim_activation.py)  |
```

The [current Examples page](https://docs.emnify.com/sdks/python/examples) indicates which file the examples are from at the top of the code block:

<img width="486" alt="Screenshot 2023-07-28 at 19 28 50" src="https://github.com/emnify/product-docs/assets/26869552/a9f79545-c123-450f-9206-8c4e54138d14">

| Configure a device               |        Possibility to configure attributes, such as the tag and the name of the device.       |  [Source code](https://github.com/emnify/product-docs/blob/project-redo/docs/sdks/python/examples.md#configure-a-device) |
| Configure operator blocklist for device |  You may want to refrain from using a specific operator to avoid incurring costs with the device.  |  [Source code](https://github.com/emnify/product-docs/blob/project-redo/docs/sdks/python/examples.md#configure-operator-blocklist-for-device)  |
| Disable device |  With a specific ID. | [Source code](https://github.com/emnify/product-docs/blob/project-redo/docs/sdks/python/examples.md#disable-device)  |
| Delete device  |  With a specific ID.  |  [Source code](https://github.com/emnify/product-docs/blob/project-redo/docs/sdks/python/examples.md#delete-device) |
| Filtering and sorting | To perform certain tasks, as  <ul><li>finding all SIMs for a specific customer organization</li><li>sorts all devices by the last updated date</li></ul>    | [Source code](https://github.com/emnify/product-docs/blob/project-redo/docs/sdks/python/examples.md#filtering-and-sorting)  |

> | Manage device connectivity | To reset device's data connectivity or the network connectivity. <br> [Connectivity troubleshooting](https://www.emnify.com/developer-blog/5-ways-to-detect-and-solve-connectivity-issues#network-events) | [Source code](https://github.com/emnify/product-docs/blob/project-redo/docs/sdks/python/examples.md#manage-device-connectivity)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Manage device connectivity | To reset device's data connectivity or the network connectivity. <br /> [Connectivity troubleshooting](https://www.emnify.com/developer-blog/5-ways-to-detect-and-solve-connectivity-issues#network-events) | [Source code](https://github.com/emnify/product-docs/blob/project-redo/docs/sdks/python/examples.md#manage-device-connectivity)  |
```

We're using Docusaurus, meaning all doc files are parsed using MDX. As a result, anything that looks like HTML is actually [JSX](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/react#using-jsx-in-markdown), so we need to follow JSX conventions (in this case, closing tags for even for single-tag elements).

This is also what's causing the failing checks - once it's fixed, your build should go green!

Author: Oh I didn't know that! Thanks!!

## 2 Alternative Table

<details>

> <summary>Alternative table</summary>

Reviewer: Because of the way the Markdown table is nested in the `details` element, this isn't rendering properly. That said, the first table you proposed is a good next step for this page so let's move forward with that and remove this one.

<details>
<summary>Screenshot of the alternative table while running locally</summary>
<img width="921" alt="Screenshot 2023-07-28 at 19 05 20" src="https://github.com/emnify/product-docs/assets/26869552/c9253426-86b1-48eb-aa51-0f28b275e979">
</detail>
